README.md, before:

# Articles by Natalia Kuzminykh

## Winder.AI: Industrial AI insight about ML, reinforcement learning, MLOps, and more...

<div>

### The ChatGPT Series: Building, Training, and Monitoring Custom LLMs
-   **Part 1: Introduction to Large Language Models and ChatGPT:** ([Article](https://winder.ai/introduction-large-language-models-chatgpt/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Langchain-informational?style=flat&logo=langchain&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-OpenAI-informational?style=flat&logo=openai&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
-  **Part 2: An Overview of LLM Development & Training ChatGPT:** ([Article](https://winder.ai/part-2-overview-llm-development-training-chatgpt/), [Code Repository](https://github.com/winderai/custom-chatgpt-development/tree/main/Part2-Overview)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Langchain-informational?style=flat&logo=langchain&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-OpenAI-informational?style=flat&logo=openai&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) 
-  **Part 3: Training Custom ChatGPT and Large Language Models:** ([Article](https://winder.ai/part-3-training-custom-chatgpt-large-language-models/), [Code Repository](https://github.com/winderai/custom-chatgpt-development/tree/main/Part3-Training) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Langchain-informational?style=flat&logo=langchain&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-OpenAI-informational?style=flat&logo=openai&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-HuggingFace-informational?style=flat&logo=HuggingFace&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
-  **Part 4: How to Deploy a ChatGPT Model or LLM:** ([Article](https://winder.ai/part-4-deploy-chatgpt-model-llm/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-OpenAI-informational?style=flat&logo=openai&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Kubernetes-informational?style=flat&logo=Kubernetes&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Flask-informational?style=flat&logo=flask&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
-  **Part 5: How to Monitor a Large Language Model:** ([Article](https://winder.ai/part-5-monitor-large-language-model/)) 
-  **Part 6: Useful ChatGPT Libraries: Productization and Hardening:** ([Article](https://winder.ai/part-6-chatgpt-libraries-productization-hardening/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Langchain-informational?style=flat&logo=langchain&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Llamaindex-informational?style=flat&logo=llamaindexn&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)

### Other
- **Calculating Token Counts for LLM Context Windows: A Practical Guide** ([Article](https://winder.ai/calculating-token-counts-llm-context-windows-practical-guide/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
- **LLM Prompt Best Practices For Large Context Windows** ([Article](https://winder.ai/llm-prompt-best-practices-large-context-windows/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
- **Big Data in LLMs with Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)** ([Article](https://winder.ai/big-data-llms-retrieval-augmented-generation-rag/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) 
- **Exploring Small Language Models** ([Article](https://winder.ai/exploring-small-language-models/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) 
- **Build a Voice-Based Chatbot with OpenAI, Vocode, and ElevenLabs** ([Article](https://winder.ai/build-voice-based-chatbot-openai-vocode-elevenlabs/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)  ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Vocode-informational?style=flat&logo=Vocode&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)  ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-OpenAI-informational?style=flat&logo=OpenAI&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-ElevenLabs-informational?style=flat&logo=ElevenLabs&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) 
- **A Comparison of Open Source LLM Frameworks for Pipelining** ([Article](https://winder.ai/comparison-open-source-llm-frameworks-pipelining/))


## IMG.LY: Photo & Image Processing, Software Development

<div>

-   **How Printers Can Leverage Creative Automation:** ([Article](https://img.ly/blog/how-printers-can-leverage-creative-automation/))
-   **How to Add Stickers and Overlays to a Video in Flutter:** ([Article](https://img.ly/blog/how-to-add-stickers-and-overlays-to-a-video-in-flutter/), [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/Adding_Stickers_and_Overlays_to_video_in_Flutter)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Flutter-informational?style=flat&logo=flutter&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)  
-   **How to Apply Filters and Effects to an Image in Flutter:** ([Article](https://img.ly/blog/how-to-add-stickers-and-overlays-to-a-video-in-flutter-test/), [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/Applying_Filters_and_Effects_to_Images_Flutter)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Flutter-informational?style=flat&logo=flutter&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
-   **How to Draw on Images in React Native:** ([Article](https://img.ly/blog/how-to-draw-on-images-in-react-native/), [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/Draw_on_Images_in_ReactNative)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-ReactNative-informational?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
-   **How To Resize Images in Flutter:** ([Article](https://img.ly/blog/how-to-resize-images-in-flutter/), [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/Resizing_Images_with_Flutter)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Flutter-informational?style=flat&logo=flutter&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
-   **Comparing the Top 5 Open Source Image Manipulation Libraries for React Native:** ([Article](https://img.ly/blog/comparing-the-top-5-open-source-image-manipulation-libraries-for-react-native/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-ReactNative-informational?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)

## Web Scraping Blog 

<div>
  
 -   **How to Use cfscrape in Python & Common Errors:** (_Article available by request_,  [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/web_scraping/tree/main/cfscrape_usage)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Cfscrape-informational?style=flat&logo=cfscrape&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
 -   **Web Scraping with cURL [Best Guide 2023]:** (_Article available by request_,  [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/web_scraping/tree/main/curl_scraper)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-cURL-informational?style=flat&logo=curl&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
 -   **How to Bypass CAPTCHA Using Playwright:** (_Article available by request_,  [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/web_scraping/tree/main/bypassing_captcha_playwright)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Playwright-informational?style=flat&logo=playwright&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
 -   **How to Bypass Cloudflare in Python** (_Article available by request_,  [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/web_scraping/tree/main/bypassing_cloudflare)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
 -   **Web Scraping with Playwright in 2023: Python and NodeJS** (_Article available by request_,  [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/web_scraping/tree/main/playwright_scraper)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Playwright-informational?style=flat&logo=playwright&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)  
 -   **Instagram Web Scraper: Extract Data Using Python** (_Article available by request_,  [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/web_scraping/tree/main/insta_scraper)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)

Commit message:

Update README.md to enhance introduction and add table of contents

README.md, after:

# Articles by Natalia Kuzminykh

A curated list of technical articles and tutorials authored by Natalia Kuzminykh, covering topics in AI, machine learning, MLOps, image processing, web scraping, and software development. This repository serves as a portfolio and quick reference for published works and code samples.

---

## Table of Contents
- [Winder.AI: Industrial AI Insight](#winderai-industrial-ai-insight)
- [IMG.LY: Photo & Image Processing](#imgly-photo--image-processing-software-development)
- [Web Scraping Blog](#web-scraping-blog)

---

## Winder.AI: Industrial AI insight about ML, reinforcement learning, MLOps, and more...

<div>

### The ChatGPT Series: Building, Training, and Monitoring Custom LLMs
-   **Part 1: Introduction to Large Language Models and ChatGPT:** ([Article](https://winder.ai/introduction-large-language-models-chatgpt/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Langchain-informational?style=flat&logo=langchain&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-OpenAI-informational?style=flat&logo=openai&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
-  **Part 2: An Overview of LLM Development & Training ChatGPT:** ([Article](https://winder.ai/part-2-overview-llm-development-training-chatgpt/), [Code Repository](https://github.com/winderai/custom-chatgpt-development/tree/main/Part2-Overview)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Langchain-informational?style=flat&logo=langchain&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-OpenAI-informational?style=flat&logo=openai&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) 
-  **Part 3: Training Custom ChatGPT and Large Language Models:** ([Article](https://winder.ai/part-3-training-custom-chatgpt-large-language-models/), [Code Repository](https://github.com/winderai/custom-chatgpt-development/tree/main/Part3-Training) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Langchain-informational?style=flat&logo=langchain&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-OpenAI-informational?style=flat&logo=openai&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-HuggingFace-informational?style=flat&logo=HuggingFace&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
-  **Part 4: How to Deploy a ChatGPT Model or LLM:** ([Article](https://winder.ai/part-4-deploy-chatgpt-model-llm/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-OpenAI-informational?style=flat&logo=openai&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Kubernetes-informational?style=flat&logo=Kubernetes&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Flask-informational?style=flat&logo=flask&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
-  **Part 5: How to Monitor a Large Language Model:** ([Article](https://winder.ai/part-5-monitor-large-language-model/)) 
-  **Part 6: Useful ChatGPT Libraries: Productization and Hardening:** ([Article](https://winder.ai/part-6-chatgpt-libraries-productization-hardening/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Langchain-informational?style=flat&logo=langchain&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Llamaindex-informational?style=flat&logo=llamaindexn&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)

### Other
- **Calculating Token Counts for LLM Context Windows: A Practical Guide** ([Article](https://winder.ai/calculating-token-counts-llm-context-windows-practical-guide/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
- **LLM Prompt Best Practices For Large Context Windows** ([Article](https://winder.ai/llm-prompt-best-practices-large-context-windows/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
- **Big Data in LLMs with Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)** ([Article](https://winder.ai/big-data-llms-retrieval-augmented-generation-rag/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) 
- **Exploring Small Language Models** ([Article](https://winder.ai/exploring-small-language-models/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) 
- **Build a Voice-Based Chatbot with OpenAI, Vocode, and ElevenLabs** ([Article](https://winder.ai/build-voice-based-chatbot-openai-vocode-elevenlabs/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)  ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Vocode-informational?style=flat&logo=Vocode&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)  ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-OpenAI-informational?style=flat&logo=OpenAI&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-ElevenLabs-informational?style=flat&logo=ElevenLabs&logoColor=white&color=0366d6) 
- **A Comparison of Open Source LLM Frameworks for Pipelining** ([Article](https://winder.ai/comparison-open-source-llm-frameworks-pipelining/))


## IMG.LY: Photo & Image Processing, Software Development

<div>

-   **How Printers Can Leverage Creative Automation:** ([Article](https://img.ly/blog/how-printers-can-leverage-creative-automation/))
-   **How to Add Stickers and Overlays to a Video in Flutter:** ([Article](https://img.ly/blog/how-to-add-stickers-and-overlays-to-a-video-in-flutter/), [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/Adding_Stickers_and_Overlays_to_video_in_Flutter)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Flutter-informational?style=flat&logo=flutter&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)  
-   **How to Apply Filters and Effects to an Image in Flutter:** ([Article](https://img.ly/blog/how-to-add-stickers-and-overlays-to-a-video-in-flutter-test/), [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/Applying_Filters_and_Effects_to_Images_Flutter)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Flutter-informational?style=flat&logo=flutter&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
-   **How to Draw on Images in React Native:** ([Article](https://img.ly/blog/how-to-draw-on-images-in-react-native/), [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/Draw_on_Images_in_ReactNative)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-ReactNative-informational?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
-   **How To Resize Images in Flutter:** ([Article](https://img.ly/blog/how-to-resize-images-in-flutter/), [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/Resizing_Images_with_Flutter)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Flutter-informational?style=flat&logo=flutter&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
-   **Comparing the Top 5 Open Source Image Manipulation Libraries for React Native:** ([Article](https://img.ly/blog/comparing-the-top-5-open-source-image-manipulation-libraries-for-react-native/)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-ReactNative-informational?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)

## Web Scraping Blog 

<div>
  
 -   **How to Use cfscrape in Python & Common Errors:** (_Article available by request_,  [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/web_scraping/tree/main/cfscrape_usage)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Cfscrape-informational?style=flat&logo=cfscrape&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
 -   **Web Scraping with cURL [Best Guide 2023]:** (_Article available by request_,  [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/web_scraping/tree/main/curl_scraper)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-cURL-informational?style=flat&logo=curl&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
 -   **How to Bypass CAPTCHA Using Playwright:** (_Article available by request_,  [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/web_scraping/tree/main/bypassing_captcha_playwright)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Playwright-informational?style=flat&logo=playwright&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
 -   **How to Bypass Cloudflare in Python** (_Article available by request_,  [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/web_scraping/tree/main/bypassing_cloudflare)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
 -   **Web Scraping with Playwright in 2023: Python and NodeJS** (_Article available by request_,  [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/web_scraping/tree/main/playwright_scraper)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Library-Playwright-informational?style=flat&logo=playwright&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)  
 -   **Instagram Web Scraper: Extract Data Using Python** (_Article available by request_,  [Code Repository](https://github.com/nataliakzm/web_scraping/tree/main/insta_scraper)) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=0366d6)
